Add new lang bbes (#3096)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/error-detail/error_detail.md

# Error detail

Error detail is a map that contains arbitrary extra details about the context of the error.
Type `error<T>` describes an error value with a detail map that has type `T`.
Named arguments for the error constructor specifies the fields of the detail record.

> An immutable copy is made of each field of the detail record using the `cloneReadOnly` function.

Reviewer: No need to break the lines for `md` files

# Error detail

> Error detail is a map that contains arbitrary extra details about the context of the error. Type `error<T>` describes an error value with a detail map that has type `T`. Named arguments for the error constructor specifies the fields of the detail record. An immutable copy is made of each field of the detail record using the `cloneReadOnly` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Error detail is a map that contains arbitrary extra details about the context of the error. The `error<T>` type describes an error value with a detail map that has the type `T`. Named arguments of the error constructor specify the fields of the detail record. An immutable copy of each field is made in the detail record using the `cloneReadOnly` function.
```
